# DSCI 521 - Chess Helper
## The Basics
The core to this is the Dash server, which needs to have Dash and Plotly installed, both of which are available using pip. 

The dash server can be run in your terminal by running index.py in python. After an initial load time involving some data preprocessing, the console should print out the local address the server is running on. Enter that address in your browser to access the dashboard. 

New chess data can easily be added by putting a new PGN file in the "./dash server/apps/data" folder and updating the code in pieces.py and players.py to read from the new filename. 

## Challenges and Limitations
Our work on Dash, while it got the job done, could be better with a more in depth knowledge of its inner workings. 

Some issues we ran into were unspecified callback errors generated by the server only occurring on one machine but not the other, making them difficult to troubleshoot (though they had no material impact on the output or display).

We were additionally restricted by time in our implementation, as the preprocessing to load the server takes quite a while. To mitigate this the preprocessing code could be removed and the data saved as either CSV or JSON files (where appropriate). 

## Further development
We began work on a Logistic Regression model in the codebase, but went no further than a simple one feature model. 

Additionally, alternate chess game variants could be tested simply by adding new PGN files (available on Lichess.org) to the data folder and loading those. 
